 
**********   CBD OIL  **********

------CBD PURE

CBD Pure is made from organic-standard industrial hemp grown in Denmark and is free of artificial ingredients. These oils are made from pure, full spectrum hemp oil which means it includes other beneficial cannabinoids and terpenes for your body. For each 1 gram serving size, you get 5 mg of CBD.

The smell is earthy. This is the typical smell of hemp oils that have not been mixed with other fluids. CBD Pure’s hemp oil tastes like many other hemp oils on the market. It has the traditional hemp oil taste which is plant-based and can often be tart. However, this oil has been filtered well and is not tart at all. This is a pleasant upside for those taste sensitive consumers out there.

1 Bottle 29.99
5 Bottles 135
10 Bottles $250

-------Buy CBDistillery ( CBD Oil )

$240.00

CBDistillery makes hemp oil, capsules, isolates, pet products, wax, topicals and more with full-spectrum hemp oil. This means that the oil is carefully extracted to retain as many terpenes and cannabinoids as possible. The blend of these two plant-based chemicals can mean a boost in effectiveness. CBDistillery is exactly this — the product is hemp oil combined with coconut oil.

Remember?

You are what you eat.
This is Why CBDistillery Stands Out

CBDistillery makes their hemp extract in 500, 1,000, and 2,500 mg concentrations. Each product is third-party lab tested for purity and potency and the test results can be found on their website
CBDistillery only has two ingredients in their products. MCT oil (the carrier oil) and the hemp extract. This makes for an easy, clean absorption of the product.

--------Buy cbdMD ( 1500 MG )

$170.00
CbdMD makes a product called, “Companion Boxes.” A companion box allows you to purchase two bottles of CBD oil — one for you and one for your pet. You can choose your preferred flavor and concentration and, decide what’s best for Fido. CbdMD makes pet products for cats, dogs, and horses.

The hemp is 100% organic and grown in optimal conditions at the intersection of the Ohio and Mississipi rivers. CbdMD states that they use vermicompost and aquaponics, carefully sowing each seed by hand to ensure the highest possible quality products.
Specs

100% organic
U.S.A. grown/ processed
Non-GMO
Gluten free
Vegan
Free shipping on all orders within the U.S.A.
30-day money back guarantee
Third party lab tested
Also makes animal products

------------Buy Elixinol CBD Oil

$120.00

Elixinol’s Respira brand of hemp oil contains their newest and most advanced formula for a CBD supplement. This full-spectrum hemp oil contains a full range of cannabinoids that can be used as a food supplement or taken orally. This kosher, vegetable glycerin based oil can be used in a regular CBD pen, delivered as drops, or used as a food additive. 

Elixinol’s products are made from oil extracted using CO2 processes. This is the industry standard because it’s a chemical-free process. Elixinol’s standard CBD tinctures come in strengths of 300 mg or 3600 mg in natural and cinnamint flavors. Elixinol also makes a 5000 mg tincture. Most CBD tinctures have a standard earthy, tart smell that is unique to CBD oils. However, Elixinol’s cinnamint flavor smells exactly like it sounds, another feature that we love. Elixinol’s CBD tinctures come in natural and cinnamint flavors. We prefer the cinnamint since it masks the taste of hemp oil nicely. Each batch of products is tested for microbiological toxins and pesticides, evaluating the testing results provided by Elixinol, the products have passed their respective tests.

---------Buy Green Roads World CBD

$210.00
CBD oil ranges in color from clear to gold to dark brown. Green Roads oil is a murky white oil because it’s mixed with vegetable glycerin. This VG + CBD mix has two uses — it can be taken sublingually or vaporized in a device. This provides versatility for the consumer but often comes at the price of an unpleasant tasting oil.
How does it smell?

The oil has a faint smell of vegetable glycerin. Green Roads CBD oil is unique in the best way. It includes both full-spectrum CBD oil and crystalline isolate CBD. Order CBD Oil Online , Purchase Cbd Green Road Oil , How To Buy Quality Cbd. This means that you are getting the other beneficial terpenes and cannabinoids in your oil in addition to a powerful punch of pure CBD. This is something we’ve yet to see from other brands, this demonstrates Green Roads’ commitment to delivering the best product for their customer.

1 Bottle $65
2 Bottles $120
4 Bottles $210

---------Buy Koi CBD Oil

$29.99

Are you looking for a CBD product with absolutely no THC in it? Koi CBD is an oil that can be used as either an e-liquid or sublingual that is made using a unique process. What is this process? What makes it so different? Let’s dive into that.

Koi CBD is an isolate extract. This means that everything except for the CBD has been removed during the manufacturing process. Koi CBD is sold as an e-liquid or tincture, so you can put it directly under your tongue or into an e-cigarette. This clear-colored product comes in five different flavors — strawberry milkshake, blue raspberry dragonfruit, watermelon green apple sour, vanilla caramel custard, and flavorless additive. Also known as Red Koi, Blue Koi, Jade Koi, Gold Koi, and White Koi, respectively.

100 mg CBD – $29.99
250 mg CBD – 39.99
500 mg CBD – $59.99
250 mg CBD per bottle – $159.96
500 mg CBD per bottle – $249.96
1000 mg CBD per bottle – $349.96

------------Buy Medterra CBD Oil

$140.00
Is Medterra CBD Oil Right For Me? I think you’ll agree that it’s hard to find a CBD oil that’s made from hemp grown in the U.S.A. Medterra’s CBD Tincture uses Colorado and Kentucky grown hemp and comes in dosages as high as 3000 mg CBD per bottle. What makes this hemp extract different from so many tinctures on the market? keep reading to find out.

Medterra CBD Tincture is very light in color. It’s almost completely clear with a bit of a white murky tint to it. This tincture is unique because it is made from 99%+CBD isolate, meaning that other cannabinoids and terpenes have been filtered out. Only the pure CBD remains in this mix. There is no smell to this tincture. This is unique to the Medterra brand and in my opinion, a plus for those who may be turned off by the scent of hemp extract. The typical scent of CBD tincture is light but distinct. Medterra’s oil does not have a scent whatsoever. The taste of this tincture is one of the best things about it. It’s odorless and flavorless. It almost tastes like nothing. There is a very, very light tart aftertaste that is hardly noticeable, but it is nothing in comparison to the traditional flavor of CBD tinctures. This is a huge benefit to those with sensitive palettes who may take CBD tincture frequently since the taste can be so potent.

1 Bottle (3000mg) $149
2 Bottles (1000mg) $280
4 Bottles (1000mg) $500

---------------ORDER PURX7 HEMP CBD OIL

$100.00

The ONLY truly water-soluble CBD in the market! That means an 85% absorption rate into the body rather than the normal 6% absorption. That means you get more nutrients from a bottle of PuRx7 than from any other brand, and that makes PuRx7 the best VALUE in the market as well!

85% ABSORPTION IN GI TRACT. In laboratory studies, Purzorb formulated Hemp CBD Oil has demonstrated significantly more bioavailability than unformulated hemp. This means that PuRx7 Hemp CBD Oil can get the same effect, quicker than that of a much lower dose of traditional CBD oil based products. The reported Onset of Action of orally ingested Purzorb CBD oil can occur within 15-30 minutes compared to traditional CBD oil which occurs between 60-90 minutes.

-------------PURCHASE CANNA-MATRIX CBD SOFTGELS 750MG

$75.00

Our PCR full spectrum Hemp Oil Soft Gels are created with 7.5% CBD, CBG, CBN, CBC, and over 40 naturally present terpenes.Minimum order quantity is 2 bottles