
----banana blastcandy

Delicious and perfectly potent edibles- Banana Blasts! 6 Candies per pack 150mg CBD total. Herbivores Edibles by Exotica Farms are fun, tasty, and potent. $3.50/25mgCBD/candy.

Where have these guys been all my life?!? The packaging, product, and people at Herbivores Edibles are top shelf…it’s a match made in Green Heaven! 25mg is a perfect dosage for the experienced user…if you’re new to edibles, be careful with these…not for rookies, if you are looking for weed edibles that are potent, but not insanely potent, then try Candy Colas ! It’s the very adult version of a childhood classic.

-----BLACK CHERRY MOON ROCKS

BUY BLACK CHERRY MOON ROCKS Black Cherry OG is the Indica strain, which comes from Grand Daddy Purple, which combines Ken’s OG with the unknown Granddaddy Purple hybrid. Dense buds get an intense purple hue at the end of maturing OG Black Cherry and develop a sweet, fruity, fruity tea. Relaxing effects throughout the body take over, relieve pain and insomnia while increasing mood.

Black Cherry Moon Rocks One of the biggest trends in the cannabis community was the increase in the popularity of the moon rocks. Monthly stones combine the best of all worlds with cannabis consumables.Buy Black Cherry MoonRocks. Imagine the delicious boredom that is bathed in cannabis oil and then fills some fresh skin. And yes, they are just as incredible as it sounds. If there ever was a better mousetrap that would build the world of cannabis, it would be Moon Rocks. Taking strong buds and concentrating THC in the form of wax, breakage or colophony should be good, right? Not by chance. Makers of Black Cherry Moon Rocks wanted to ensure that you got as many THCs as possible in one go. I think they succeeded. The average monthly rock contains THC at about 55-65%. This is more than twice the strongest trunks on the market. And while Moon Rocks appear all over the world, the original Moon Rocks can go back to Southern California.

1100/Hp
350/oz
1600/pounds
600/Qp

---------LEMONADE EXOTIC CARTS

Best Lemonade exotic carts 100% Original glass ceramic vape cartridge atomizer, 510 vaporizer cartridge tank with Gola Silver Drip Tips vs TH105 TH205 Vape pen.

Exotic Carts | Lemonade | Sativa | 1g
Buy Lemonade Exotic Carts Lemonade Exotic Carts Online Lemonade Exotic Carts for-sale Buy Lemonade Exotic Cart-Online

A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is applicable). Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller’s listing for full details.

$25/cart

--------BUZZY PEACHES

Delicious and perfectly potent edibles- Fuzzy peaches! 6 Candies per pack 150mg CBD total
Herbivores Edibles Makes A Tasty Treat.

$3.50/25mg CBD/candy
$20

Where have these guys been all my life?!? The packaging, product, and people at Herbivores Edibles are top shelf…it’s a match made in Green Heaven! The CBD Buzzy Peaches is a great way to get your CBD in an easy and tasty method. They taste just like the fuzzy peaches form 7-11.

--------CHERRYEDIBLE

Delicious and perfectly potent edibles- Cherry Sours! 6 Candies per pack 150mg CBD total Herbivores Edibles Makes A Tasty Treat.

$3.50/25mg CBD/candy
$20

Where have these guys been all my life?!? The packaging, product, and people at Herbivores Edibles are top shelf…it’s a match made in Green Heaven! 25mg is a perfect dosage for the experienced user…if you’re new to edibles, be careful with these…not for rookies, if you are looking for weed edibles that are potent, but not insanely potent, then try Buzzy Peaches! They taste just like the fuzzy peaches form 7-11…minus everyones dirty hands picking thru the pile of them…wasn’t that always gross???

--------COLAS

Delicious and perfectly potent edibles- Candy Colas! 6 Candies per pack 150mg CBD total Herbivores Edibles by Exotica Farms are fun, tasty, and potent.

$3.50/25mgCBD/candy
$20

Where have these guys been all my life?!? The packaging, product, and people at Herbivores Edibles are top shelf…it’s a match made in Green Heaven! 25mg is a perfect dosage for the experienced user…if you’re new to edibles, be careful with these…not for rookies, if you are looking for weed edibles that are potent, but not insanely potent, then try Candy Colas ! It’s the very adult version of a childhood classic.

---------GRAPEEDIBLE

Delicious and perfectly potent edibles- Grape Sours! 6 Candies per pack 150mg CBD total Herbivores Edibles by Exotica Farms are fun, tasty, and potent

$3.50/25mgCBD/candy
$20

Where have these guys been all my life?!? The packaging, product, and people at Herbivores Edibles are top shelf…it’s a match made in Green Heaven! 25mg is a perfect dosage for the experienced user…if you’re new to edibles, be careful with these…not for rookies, if you are looking for weed edibles that are potent, but not insanely potent, then try Candy Colas! It’s the very adult version of a childhood classic.

--------GUMMIES

That’s right, 30mg THC per gummy! Only for the experienced user, these things are strong! These TETRA Organics Gummies are delicious and turbo-charged with 30mg of INDICA THC per gummy.

$4/candy/dose

Cheeba’s is your place for weed gummies! With 4 in each pack, you’re looking at a great value for potent edibles. They taste great, and 1 candy is a easy to eat half of if you want to start with a smaller dose. And that’s a good idea, they high lasts for a couple hours and is a mid-level spacey, fun high. Great for incognito medicating. Mixed fruit flavour.

--------ICE MOON ROCK

THCa Crystalline was developed as a means of delivering large, quantifiable doses of THCa and is known as the purest isolate anywhere on the market testing at 99-100%. This pure THCa converts to THC when vaped and creates a clear and highly cerebral effect, or remains non-psychoactive when ingested.

What are Moon Rocks?
Moon rocks are not exactly a type of marijuana strain, but more of a cannabis experiment. Typically, they’re are nuggets of the marijuana strain Girl Scout Cookies, dipped in hash oil and then sprinkled with kief. Buy Ice Moon Rock, iced Moon rock for sale Buy Kush online dispensaries that sell moon rocks. If you’ve ever had an ice cream cone dipped in chocolate and covered with sprinkles, then you know exactly what Moon Rocks are all about. In fact, if you combine the consumption of Moon Rocks and ice cream cones, I’m sure it is simply delightful.

1100/Hp
350/oz
1800/pounds
600/Qp

----------JIMI JUBES

Soft, chewy, and juicy, Hendrix certified 100% organic JimiJubes are naturally flavoured with 25mg of THC distillate in each gummy. Flavours include Blue Raspberry, Orange Dreamsicle, Blue Lagoon, Pineapple Express, Blue Raspberry, and Blueberry Buzz.

Handmade and gluten-free, these gummies are known to relieve symptoms associated with nausea, chronic pain, muscle spasticity, and neurological disorders. New to edibles? Start with a low dose (5 – 10mg, or a 1/4 of a jube), and wait 2-hours before consuming more to assess tolerance. Each JimiJube contains 25mg of THC, 10 per package. Do not consume alcohol or take controlled substances with edibles. For optimal freshness store in refrigerator, in a secure location out of reach from children and animals.

$22

-----------KEYSOURS

Delicious and perfectly potent edibles- Fuzzy peaches! 6 Candies per pack 150mg CBD total. Herbivores Edibles makes a tasty Treat and market their stuff just like we would! Love these f@#kin’ guys!

$3.50/25mgTHC/candy
$22

Where have these guys been all my life?!? The packaging, product, and people at Herbivores Edibles are top shelf…it’s a match made in Green Heaven! 25mg is a perfect dosage for the experienced user…if you’re new to edibles, be careful with these…not for rookies, if you are looking for weed edibles that are potent, but not insanely potent, then try Key Sours! It’s the very adult version of a childhood classic. They taste just like the Sour Keys form 7-11…minus everyone’s dirty hands picking thru the pile of them…wasn’t that always gross??? Don’t you hate repetitive jokes?

-----------LYNWOOD LEMONADE

 Dr. Zodiak’s Moonrock Clear Lynwood Lemonade is a high-end THC distillate that tests approximately 90%. The 1 gram cartridge is manufactured with a multi-step method of cannabis purification, infused with all-natural terpenes. 

Whether you dabble in waxy concentrates, identify as a flower fanatic, or you fall somewhere in between, it’s practically impossible to go wrong with Dr. Zodiak’s Moonrock. Made with smokers of all levels in mind, Moonrock’s potency will get a seasoned smoker to the moon while easing in marijuana novices with unique flavor profiles derived from a mouthwatering mix of top-shelf flowers, clear distillate, kief, and great-tasting all-natural terpenes. And for those on the go, the good doctor has created. Moonrock Clear, a brand of vape pens and cartridges that mix the great taste and potency of Moonrocks with peak portability. Now you can go to the moon at any time, anywhere.

$55

----------NUTRIGREEN

it’s the perfect snack for the health conscious stoner! 150mg CBD per bar.

$15

Enjoy a cereal bar that isn’t meant for breakfast. This 150mg bar is strong, do not eat all in one go…unless it’s Sunday and you have nothing better to do.

---------RACERS

Racers: Peanut Butter + Chocolate + CBD?: 50mg CBD per Cup- Just as Delicious as the boring kind.
$15

What more do you want me to say? It’s a weed Reece’s Peanut Butter Cup! If you’re over 19 and in Canada, buy it now!

----------sexxpot seed

Are you looking for a type of weed that stimulates and improves your sex drive? Check out our Sexxpot feminized seeds. These weed seeds simply develop into an attractive female Indica plant. Genetics is descended from Mr. Nice and contains on average 14% THC which is enough to prevent inhibition but will sharpen your senses. 

By smoking this weed, you experience a euphoric effect that will be expressed especially during intimate moments. The cultivation of feminized Sexxpot cannabis seeds is very simple and therefore suitable for beginners. With only a flowering time of 7-9 weeks in an indoor cultivation, the plant will reach a height of 90 cm high and produces up to 1000 grams per m2. The plant feels very much at home in a temperate to warm climate. Outdoors the yield can even be more than 1000 grams per m2.